(piano music)
[Rohan]
(breathes)
Extend arms
and bend wrists
at precisely 90 degrees,
making sure to keep
each finger straight.
(straining groan)
(exhale)
Then palms up in front,
straighten elbows.
Whilst maintaining
the 90-degree angles,
bend each finger.
One, two, three, four, five.
Now, open your hands
back up.
One, two, three, four, five.
And done.
(relaxed sigh)
Now you are ready
to draw manga.
Let's begin, shall we?
(opening theme music)
[Kyoka] Let's talk about
your summer deadline,
Rohan Sensei.
I hope you haven't
forgotten about
the 45-page one-shot due.
Have you at least
settled on a story yet?
[Rohan] Hmm...
One moment.
(scribbling noise)
A solar eclipse
might be a good theme.
[Kyoka] Oh yeah,
that's an amazing hook!
I love it!
But you know
what else sounds cool?
What if you drew for us
a manga about
buying a beautiful
holiday villa in the hills?
(groan)
Sorry, come again?
It doesn't look like
you're into the idea.
(laughs)
That's such a shame.
Now, you hold on
just a minute.
I need you to explain
what you meant
by a villa in the hills.
It was an idea for a story.
But, like,
you could also totally go
and do it for real,
and see if, maybe,
a bolt of inspiration
strikes you.
Enough!
Stop acting like you
don't know what I mean!
I took issue with the buying
part of what you said.
You know full well
that I recently
declared bankruptcy
due to a purchase
of that very nature.
[Kyoka]
Rohan Sensei,
I don't want
anything from you
other than a good story.
-Here.
-(hesitant gasp)
-[Kyoka] Look at this.
-Hmm...
[Kyoka]
Quite the discovery, huh?
It's a little village
nestled in the hills
with no connecting roads.
And, yet, it's got about
a dozen luxury villas.
I bet you never would
have guessed
there was a place like this
just a few hours
northwest of Morio.
It's so weird seeing such
a developed patch of land
without any roads
or power lines.
-[Rohan] Hmm...
-They're not hooked up
to a power grid or
any other public utility,
yet they've got
working electricity
and transportation.
Judging from
all those helipads,
I'm going to assume
that these people
get around mainly by air.
You may be right.
It certainly seems
like they can afford it.
And, is it me,
or does that building
by the tennis court
have an Isetan logo?
Wow, it does!
They have one there?
Good for them!
Oh, and one more thing.
At the moment,
one of those villas
-is accessible to you.
-(surprise)
That's right,
for 3 million yen.
[Rohan]
(grunt)
Oi yoi yoi yoi yoi,
hang on!
Oi yoi yoi yoi yoi
yoi yoi yoi yoi yoi yoi!
So you finally admit you're
selling me real estate.
Still wrong.
Trust me, the only thing
I want you to do is draw.
The one buying a house
will be me.
Wha--?
You?
Now, let's see...
That's 2600 square meters
going for 3 million yen.
On my salary,
I could probably
get a loan for it
or even buy it outright.
[Kyoka]
Yeah, this could work!
I could commute from
my apartment during the week,
then retreat
to the countryside
and kick back during
the weekend and holidays!
Slow down for a sec.
-You forced me to ask.
-Hm?
Is this coming out of
your pocket
or from
the publishing company?
I was planning to
do this with my own money.
So I'm to draw a manga
-about you?
-(giggle) Nope.
Once again, this is all
to inspire you, silly!
Look, I've put a lot
of thought into this.
[Kyoka]
And I'll share with you
all the info I dug up
to prove it.
Hm?
[Kyoka] The owner
of villa number one
is the president of
a shipbuilding company.
Number 2 belongs
to a pharmacy EO,
while the guy
in number three
owns a printing company,
and the guy in number four
runs a cosmetics business.
Needless to say,
all the people living here
are fancy-pants
millionaire types,
with their trophy wives
and cute kids.
Sounds like a dream,
doesn't it?
Collecting data
is one thing,
but making sense of it all
is quite another.
For starters,
how does a villa here
go for only 3 million?
There must be a catch.
Except there isn't,
Rohan Sensei.
I've yet to tell you
the most important thing
about this place.
(upbeat music)
The 11 people who live here,
they all bought their lots
when they were
just 25 years old.
Can you believe it?
I mean, yeah,
they're super loaded today,
but all of them came up
from humble beginnings.
[Kyoka] The most recent
arrival in this village
bought his plot of land,
number 11, back in 1989.
The man was a modest
25-year-old delivery driver
who had moved all the way
out there from Tokyo.
And now,
he's the head honcho
of a big airline company
worth over 30 billion yen!
[Kyoka] So, yeah,
there's not a single person
living in this village
who came from money.
They were all just
ordinary 25-year-old dudes
who moved out here,
one by one,
and built up
their fortunes over time.
And,
you've probably noticed,
but it looks like
there's a common number.
As it happens,
I'm also 25 years old.
Get it now? There's clearly
a story here!
Now, be honest, don't you
want to come see me
get a lucky villa of my own?
Hmmm...
Hmm...
[Rohan]
(inhale)
I'm assuming you have
access to a chopper?
I can't see
how else we'd get there.
-(piano music)
-(birds chirping)
[Kyoka]
(grunt)
(scribbling noise)
(panting)
(exhausted groaning)
(piano music continues)
(birds chirping)
(piano music ends)
[Kyoka]
Rohan Sensei,
there's one more
important detail
I forgot to mention earlier.
The seller is the head
of the village council,
and they're very fussy
about decorum.
I've heard they're
dead set against
selling their land
to anyone whom they think
comes across
as disrespectful.
Proper manners will make
all the difference today,
so I hope you'll be
on your best behavior.
[Rohan]
(grunt)
I fail to see how my conduct
will endanger anything,
when the only buyer is you.
[Kyoka]
Okay, fine.
I'll just
spell it out for you.
It doesn't matter which one
of us commits the faux pas.
They'll just
lump us together
and toss us both out.
And I don't want to leave
empty-handed after that hike.
Seriously, though,
I don't know if anyone's
ever told you this before,
but you always act
like some hotshot diva
who's addicted
to his own flatulence.
Oh, come on!
What does that even mean?
It means stop worshipping
yourself and be a good boy,
or the locals will boot us
before you can smell
one more fart.
[Kyoka]
Here's an idea,
let's practice
before we go in.
[Kyoka] Traditionally,
where in the house
should a visitor
take their jacket off?
Humph.
You seem set on wasting
my time with this nonsense.
[Rohan] The answer is
at the entrance.
Not once
you've come inside,
but before you pass
through the door,
just in case there's
lingering dirt on your coat.
What a relief! So you do
now how to behave!
Wait, I understand
this visit takes precedence,
but perhaps we should
do something about that.
Huh?
[Rohan] I mean,
that chick over there.
(bird noises)
[Kyoka]
Aww, poor thing!
The simplest explanation
would be that it fell down
from its nest.
[Kyoka]
What should we do?
If we leave him, he might
get eaten by something
or freeze to death.
Well, if that happens,
we could simply write it off
as nature's work.
[yawn]
[Kyoka] Good thing
we found you, little fella.
Don't worry, we'll help you.
I'm glad I hung on
to this box.
There you go.
It's likely his nest
is in one of these trees.
We should come back here
later and find it.
-Hm?
-Huh?
Good day to you.
I'd like to begin
by thanking you
for coming all this way,
and I'm glad to see
the good weather
was accommodating
to your long journey.
[Ikkyu]
This way please.
We've been waiting.
Let us proceed swiftly.
(piano music)
Hm?
(signaling grunts)
My name is Kyoko Izumi.
Thank you so much
for sparing us
some of your precious time
to discuss the sale
of your lovely estate.
This gentleman here
is my good friend,
Rohan Kishibe.
He's a successful
manga artist.
I'm pleased to meet you.
You may call me Ikkyu.
I've been given
the great honor
of facilitating
your visit today.
Please follow me
as I guide you.
(piano music)
(footsteps)
Now then, if you
would kindly allow me
to relieve you
of your coats.
(piano music continues)
Please. You may enter
at your leisure.
(grunt)
(noticing grunt)
Hey!
Hm?
(piano music continues)
In just a moment,
I shall go fetch the seller
with whom
you will transact.
Make yourselves comfortable.
(piano music continues)
(gasp)
-Hmm...
I'm beginning to suspect...
that...
the test has already been
put into motion, right?
I'm talking about
our etiquette.
There may be rules
surrounding tea drinking,
and they're waiting to see
how we approach our cups.
Somehow, I get the feeling
we're being observed
right now.
[Rohan]
Do you know the proper way
of proceeding?
(hesitant sigh)
Or should I just go straight
to consulting the internet?
No, it's fine.
As the buyer, I should
be able to handle this.
Don't trouble yourself.
Everyone knows
the polite way of drinking
is quietly and
without acting weird.
(tense piano music)
(hesitant grunt)
[Ikkyu]
Excuse the intrusion.
(gasp)
I sincerely regret
to inform you of this,
but, sadly, the seller
is no longer interested
in meeting with you.
Wha-?
I must ask you
to leave the premises now.
It pains me to say it,
but we cannot abide
your etiquette mistakes,
Miss Izumi.
(gasp)
We have no land to sell
to anyone who lacks manners.
Please return home
for today.
Wait, what are you
talking about?
What did I...?
What did I do wrong?
Firstly, though you are
a guest in this house,
it is improper to take
the furthest seat
from the door
unless it is offered to you.
[Ikkyu]
You should take the closest.
You are expected
to remain there
until you have been properly
greeted by the host.
Secondly, it is improper
to tread on the edges
of the tatami mats
in the Japanese room.
(intense booming)
[Kyoka]
(gasps)
[Ikkyu] And, third,
when sitting at a table
lower than
the level of your knees,
it is correct to hold
your tea by the saucer.
However, to put your finger
through the handle
of the teacup
is unspeakably vulgar.
[Kyoka]
(gasps)
Good etiquette is
a simple organization
of shoulds and should nots.
There is no gray area.
Again, I must ask you
to return home.
Hm? You mean
we're finished already?
Oh, wait a moment!
Please!
You said it's
just for today, right?
Does that mean
it'd be possible
for me to try again?
Because, if it does,
I'd sincerely appreciate it.
-I'll get it this time!
-What?
Just one more try,
if it's not too much to ask.
I promise I won't
disappoint you again.
[Kyoka]
Please let me prove it!
So you would like to attempt
the trial one more time?
Did I understand
you correctly?
[Kyoka] (hesitant gasp)
Only if that's okay.
[Ikkyu]
Very well then.
If that's the case,
I will present your requests
to the master for an answer.
Thank you.
Please do!
[Kyoka] I promise
you won't regret it.
Hey, let's just leave.
There aren't any good
manga ideas
to be found here.
I would leave if I weren't
so in love with this place.
Sure, they're strict
about etiquette,
but that's what I'd expect.
Just...
Just look around you.
-[Kyoka] It's so lovely!
-(ominous music)
[Rohan]
(gasp)
(phone buzzing)
(noticing gasp)
Hi, Kyoko speaking.
-Hm?
-(intense music)
[Rohan]
What the hell happened?!
(shriek)
Oh no!
[Kyoka]
(sobbing)
No!
Please, no!
I-I-I have to...
My... I just got news
my mother was killed.
They said that she...
[Kyoka] (sobs)
There was a car accident,
and she didn't make it.
(sobs)
(cracking noise)
-(gasp)
My boyfriend was there too.
We were making plans
to finally get married
next year,
but he was in the car
with my mother at the time.
Then she suddenly got
a heart attack at the wheel.
-(music intensifies)
-I can't... (sobs)
(grunt)
(booming noise)
They've both
been taken from me!
[Rohan] [gasps]
What is going on?
Where did these insects
come from?
[Kyoka]
(wails)
Excuse the intrusion.
The master has agreed
to let you take the trial
of manners once again.
Now, let us proceed.
-(action music)
-You will reveal yourself
this instant!
-(slamming noise)
-Heaven's Door!
[Rohan] I am the guide
at the main gate,
and the land
speaks through me.
When crossing
into this domain,
those lacking
proper etiquette
will soon find themselves
also lacking
something that they cherish.
[Rohan]
Without exception.
This is the punishment
of the hill.
One will gain,
while one will lose.
That is the fundamental rule
which governs this land.
Those proficient in
etiquette will gain success.
Those who are not will
suffer for each offense.
This young man
is no stand user.
It seems he's little more
than a guide and mouthpiece
for these beings
with no special abilities
of his own.
[Rohan]
This bodes terribly!
It appears our enemies
are the gods of the hill.
[Rohan] For the three rules
she broke,
she lost three things.
She then further
transgressed
when she begged
for another chance.
[Rohan]
Impudence.
On top of that...
(intense clanking noise)
Turning someone into a book
and reading their mind
without permission
is also an egregious act
of disrespect.
[Rohan]
Oh no!
You're kidding!
This...
This is bad!
(gasp)
-[Kyoka] (groan)
-(gasp)
[Kyoka]
(groaning)
M-My chest!
(grunt)
My chest!
I- I can't...
(groaning)
(gasps)
[Ikkyu]
It appears Miss Izumi
is currently suffering
a heart attack.
Mr. Rohan Kishibe,
you have broken one rule
of etiquette,
and so,
you will lose one thing.
Tell me, do you intend
for her to die?
[Ikkyu]
You first.
(gasps)
[Ikkyu] Do you intend to
continue with the trial,
or would you prefer
to return home now?
You know I can't.
Not anymore.
I won't leave her here.
Please, I beg of you,
have mercy!
Her only transgression
was yearning for a chance
at happiness.
[Rohan] I know now,
that when she said
she wanted to help me
with my work,
it was sincere.
Mercy is outside
the realm of etiquette.
Here, you will either gain
or you will suffer loss.
[Rohan]
Now, what is the proper way
to eat a cob of corn?
Well, would you care to try
once more, Mr. Kishibe?
Again, you are free
to return home
-whenever you wish.
-(intense music crescendo)
-[Rohan] (hesitant grunt)
-[Kyoka] (groaning)
(hesitant grunt)
(gasp)
-[Rohan] (nervous panting)
-(tense music)
(nervous panting continues)
(tense music continues)
(music crescendo)
(smirk)
Huh?
Don't underestimate
Rohan Kishibe.
The utensils you've
laid out here before me,
it is obvious that
none of them are suited
for the task at hand.
-(dramatic booming)
-Behold, as I answer you.
(intense booming)
Satisfied yet?
-There's more.
-Huh?
You should
brace yourself first,
and then, look down
when you're ready.
Huh?
[Ikkyu]
(gasps)
(shocked gasp)
Who's the rule-breaker now?
I mean, I'll admit this
isn't the plot I envisioned,
but,
given the tight deadline,
it was the best one
I could write.
(eating)
I'm speaking of my ability,
Heaven's Door.
(gasp)
(dramatic booming)
[Rohan] Oh, look!
You're doing it again.
-(nervous gasping)
-[Rohan] It's both feet.
-It's an impressive power,
-[Ikkyu] Whoa!
-wouldn't you say?
-(groan)
I do appreciate
the lessons you gave me.
Thank you.
Now, on to the matter
of what I gained,
as per the rules.
(gasping)
(nervous panting)
Seems my answer was right.
[Rohan] The proper way
to eat a cob of corn
is by hand.
I think you owe my colleague
something as well.
Her beloved mother
and boyfriend.
This is an obscene trick.
You... You will incur
the wrath of the gods.
Mr. Kishibe,
will you be making
another attempt?
Or would you prefer
to call it a day
and return home?
My my, it seems the gods
have no quarrel with me.
And why would they,
considering you're the one
who violated the rules.
-(music crescendo)
-I choose to go home,
(dramatic booming)
and I don't intend
to return.
(intense music ends)
(piano music)
(bird noises)
-(bird noises)
-(chuckle)
-(piano music continues)
-(birds chirping)
(appearing noise)
[Koichi] Woah,
that's one heck of a story.
Oh yeah, so do you know
what ended up happening
to the editor lady's
mother and boyfriend?
They were both
perfectly fine.
They were merely rear-ended,
which panicked a relative,
who then proceeded
to sound a false alarm.
That is such a relief!
By the way, Koichi,
I have some research
to do after this,
and likely won't be back
until well after 8:00.
[Koichi]
Okay.
[Okuyasu] So, you're gonna
go do research, huh?
I hope you're
looking up a way
to stop being a freeloader.
You make a very good point.
I should work on
finding a new place
where I can draw freely.
Sadly, I'm utterly broke.
Do you want to come
to my place?
We got plenty of rooms
you can set up in.
That does sound nice.
As it happens,
your father is
a topic of interest for me.
-(ending theme music)
-[Okuyasu] Wait, really?
You wanna do today then?
Maybe your Heaven's whatever
can turn him back!
Could you try it?
[Rohan]
I must refuse.
[Okuyasu]
What?!